hi all this is a trace I'm gonna do a
quick review of David Morgan's get the
skinny on silver investing I met David
oh gosh while ago one of the investment
conferences and I found him to be a
right-thinking person a good person too
and we hit it off got to be pretty good
friends and talked about different stuff
and he gave me a copy of his of his book
so I told him I'd read it kind of out of
courtesy and actually it's a very quick
read I was able to to read it in oh gosh
maybe an hour hour and a half i read
quick though law school does that to you
and so anyways I got a copy of his book
this is a copy of the digital version
and I want to do just a quick review
let's see down here we've got our table
of contents so you'll learn about the
supply and demand rare investment
opportunity the different miss of the
silver market silver leasing now this is
a very important aspect because I think
that there have been some funny things
going on in the silver market just like
the gold market so he addresses some of
those in a very objective way it's kind
of instead if you think the gold bugs
are crazy just wait till you meet a
silver bug well David doesn't seem like
some of our more extreme silver bugs not
that they're necessarily necessarily
wrong it's just he takes a much more
logical rational approach to it and
tries to find the credible and
verifiable facts but that silver leasing
chapter the commodity trading and its
price affects all these things play a
big role in silver and i think that
there's a lot of upside potential and
silver and we've seen that lately it's
gone from gosh ten dollars an ounce in
december of 2008 to about sixteen
dollars an ounce in june of 2009 which i
wrote about all the way up you know i
wrote an article in december wrote an
article in February i wrote an article
in May talking about
different the different things that
would happen with it rising and and so
if gold is like a 747 and silver is a
lot like an f-16 it moves really fast
and really quick and I think it's wise
for someone to have some silver exposure
in their portfolio physical silver which
is important because he talks about the
other leveraged silver investments
silver mining company now that's
completely different from physical
silver the future of silver tin rules on
investing in it so it gives a good
background and I think a lot of those
rules also applied at a gold market
silver and gold they go together a lot
like peanut butter and jelly or I'd see
there's some other things I can think of
it they're very complementary to each
other and have a lot in common so I
recommend getting a copy of of get the
skinny on silver you can see it's pretty
pretty short Oh Jim Blanchard I'm
actually good friends with one of his
sons yeah so there's a lot a lot in in
the book that you can read and learn
about so there we go that's chapter
three I think it's let's see it's a
hundred and sixteen pages total about a
hundred and nine that are actually
written so pretty quick pretty easy read
recommend getting a copy cheap like ten
bucks I think for the digital version
and about the same on Amazon you don't
get it instantaneously it costs a little
bit for shipping but good overall book
to get so I recommend getting a copy of
get the skinny on silver investing by
David Morgan so that you can ascertain
the silver market if you're
contemplating investing in it and I do
recommend them people have a little bit
of their wealth allocated in physical
silver because while you preserve your
wealth with gold and physical gold I
think that with the physical silver you
might actually be able to increase your
purchasing power
and you'll see that in the great credit
contraction that I wrote I price houses
in terms of silver and and other assets
in terms of silver so it also can form
them can perform a monetary function so
get a copy of it it's cheap and things